Okay.  So,
I guess,
What kind of experience do you, do you have, then with child care?
I think, uh, I wonder if that worked.
Does it say something?
I think it usually does.  You might try, uh, I don't know, hold it down a
Okay [beep]. {long pause}  Well,
Okay I,
Does it usually make a recording or s-,
Well, I don't remember.  It seemed like it did, but [laughter] it might
Okay.
-- I guess we can start.  Uh,
No, I don't, I don't have any kids.  I, uh, my sister has a, she just had
 So, who's your favorite team?
 My favorite team is the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Well, what were you saying?
Okay.  I, I think we're started now.
Oh, okay.
Uh, do you want to go ahead and start?
But, does your sister live in a big community?
Uh, yeah she lives, it's a, it's a fairly large community.  She, uh, got
Uh-huh.
-- and she's able to take her baby to work with her.
Oh, really?
And it's a small office that she works in --
-- and, uh, it's a, it's a legal firm, office, and it's just one lawyer --
Um.
-- and so she's the only one really that takes care of the office.  There's
And so they have an extra room and everything for the baby, so it works out
Wow.
[Laughter].
-- spread real easy and things, but, and they're expensive and, [lipsmack]
Yes.
Or they just watch them and let them play and things like that, but, take a
Yeah, and you, and you don't always even know if it's, it's going to be the
Anything, I guess, could happen.
Because after, I guess after he, you know, gets to a certain age she's
Uh-huh, when he starts toddling around and stuff.
Yeah.
I have three.
Yeah, I do [laughter].  Yes, uh, I don't work, though, but I used to work
I work off and on just temporarily and usually find friends to babysit, but
How lucky [laughter].  I, I know a lot of people around here sometimes
-- that take care of their kids and, but, the community I'm in is not a
Yeah, so it's fairly safe.
Yeah, to get references and that, so, but, uh, I, I d-, don't feel
Worried that they're not going to get enough attention?
Yeah, and, uh, you know, colds and things like that [laughter] get --
When, when he's not, when she can't keep control of him and he starts
Uh-huh.  It would be hard, I think it would be kind of stressful.  It would
-- but, uh, seems like, you know, goll-, what if he cried at the wrong time
you know, at the wrong time [laughter].
But,
I think she has problems with that, too.
I always kind of think it would be neat to be able to watch them and be
Uh-huh.  Well, when you have kids, will you work?  Do you --
I don't know --
-- work now?
-- that's something I've considered.  Uh,
Is that what you do?
Uh, yeah.  Actually, I teach my kids at home, so I'm here all the time.
Oh, so they don't go to school.  Is it like, uh, oh, what's that called,
-- at home.
Yeah, yeah.
That's interesting.
So,
Do you have to have any special training?
Not, it depends on the state you live actually.  Some laws absolutely
So they haven't been to public schools at all.
One of them was for a couple of years and so, you know, my oldest, he was,
So anyway, but we don't,
So, you've never had,
-- the different, do you have kids?
All right.  I think that gets us off to discussing the topic for tonight.
Which is movies, correct?
That is correct.
NA
Um, yeah.  I don't like going to see them in the theaters but outside of
Well, I have a V C R and I see most all of mine there.  What have you seen
Uh, I don't know, um, actually earlier tonight we were watching TO LIVE AND
No, I haven't.
It's a kind of one of those psycho ones.
Now, I, I live alone.  Consequently, I don't like these sa-, psycho things.
[Laughter] Oh, it's not too bad.  One of those cop thrillers but,
Oh, okay.  Have you seen the mov-, if, do you have a V C R?
Yes, we do.
Have you seen the movie CLASS ACTION with Gene Hackman?
Uh, no, I haven't yet.
I saw it this weekend and it is, uh, to me an outstanding movie.  I
Yeah, that,
But there's a lot of l-, well, it's just [breathing] it's something that
He's a good actor though.
Beg your pardon?
Um, Gene Hackman's a good actor.
Yes, he is.
I think.  Do you see HOOSIERS?
Yes.  I've seen HOOSIERS.  Saw it just again the other night, for,
Yeah, actually I, we saw her just the other night too.
Oh, did you?
Yeah.  It's one of our favorite movies.  I, I live with, um, a roommate and
Have you seen the movie, um, CROSSING DELANCY?
Now, that's one I have watched, oh, six or eight times.  I always feel so
Yeah, I like those movies that you watch time and time again.
I do too.  DIRTY DANCING and CROSSING DELANCY are two of my favorite.  So,
I'm, I'm an electrical engineer.
Oh.  In New Hampshire.  All right.
I work in Massachusetts actually.
Oh, all right.  Okay.  So is everything going all right up there?
Um, it's only about, um, half an hour.  I live wi-, on the border.
Oh, well that's that bad then.  Half an hour, we do that just going to
That's right.
See we live up in tax free New Hampshire and drive down to Massachusetts to
[Laughter]  That makes a lot of sense [laughter].
But, um, we, are you a native of that part of the country?
Yeah, I grew up in New Hampshire.  It seems, southern town, it's called
Oh.
That one little spot in New Hampshire, we have ten miles of coastline, I
Uh, sounds wonderful.  Did you have damage this year with hurricanes?
Not up, um, where I live but further down the coast in Massachusetts they
I happened to be in Nassau and we got the backlash of that thing.  And they
Um, well, I'm, I'm only twenty-seven years old so THE DOORS movie, that's
Okay.  Have you seen GREEN CARD?
That would be pretty good. No, I haven't seen that one.
That's a real warm movie.  It, it really just turned out nicely.  So I
I'm in for it.  We rent a lot of movies so we, we often sit around and say,
And we don't know.
Well if you, if you can get GREEN CARD, go for it.
All right, we'll try that one.
I have been working at, uh, as an accountant at the medical school here in
Yeah, I did.
Okay.  And I don't know I can associate with some of the people in that
You too.
I'm looking forward to it.
I think we're going to have a white Christmas up here just like the song
Well,
 Pittsburgh?
 You bet.
 I used to be a big Pittsburgh fan when I was little.
 Well, I, uh, when ((John)) ((Stallworth)) played he was from my
 Oh, really?
 so I kind of grabbed on to that team,
 Huh.  ((That's pretty nice)).
 way back when.
 ((Yeah,)) that's good.  I, I used to watch them a lot when
 That's right.
 or steel curtain.
 How about your favorite team?
 Huh.  Well, last year it was Buffalo and I, I still try to
 Uh-huh.
 and that really impressed me.  But then down here I li-,
 Well, they are exciting, aren't they?
 Yeah, the Saints are starting to impress me this year, you
 Boy, they are, they are just a fun team to watch.
 This, it, they are really.  Did you see the game Sunday night
 Uh,
 Sunday afternoon?
 no, I didn't.
 It was funny.  There were, they ha-, uh, a fireworks display
 [Laughter] Oh, yeah?
 Yeah, and some paper or something in the Super Dome up in the
 Oh, you're kidding [laughter].
 So, they had to stop the game ((in lieu of)) the third
 [Laughter] Oh, my gos-,
 -- and put out this fire.  Those big piece of something came
 Oh, I can't believe that.
 It was funn-, I mean, you just really can't tell what's
 That's hilarious.
 I know.  It's like about two weeks ago I was watching the
 And ((Morton)) Anderson kicked a sixty yard field goal.
 Oh.
 And it, it was beautiful, right down the middle.
 Oh, boy.  He is tough, he has --
 He is.
 -- an incredible leg.
 Yes.
 Well, do you think they're, they're going to be able to make
 Uh I s-,
 past the first playoff game?
 I sure hope so.  I'm not sure, I'm not sure who they play.
 Who's that?
 It's pretty much going between Washington.  They are
 Right.
 And, uh, Buffalo, New Orleans, and Chicago because Chicago has
 What do you think about, uh, Houston?
 Houston.  I saw Houston play this summer in Memphis.
 Oh, yeah?
 Yeah.  Uh, from what I saw they were playing, when I was at
 Huh.
 right behind the Houston Oilers, and from what I saw the
 But my brother watched it on T V and said that Warren Moon
 Oh, yeah, he's --
 He's,
 -- he definitely, uh, is one of the best I think.
 Yeah, the, their, their backfield is really impressive.
 -- and ((Allen)) (( )), they really impress me.
 Well, they squeaked out a game on Sunday.
 That's right.  Who, who did they play?
 They played Dallas.
 Dallas, that's right,
 They won,
 all because,
 in overtime.
 That's right.  I remember that now.
 So that was, I, I watched that game and, uh, that was, uh,
 Do you have a favorite between those two?
 Well, because I'm right here in Dallas I, I kind of pull for
 Really?  [Laughter].
 Yeah.  Well, also Houston is, uh, in Pittsburgh's division so,
 Well, that's true.
 I'll almost always root against them.
 [Laughter] (( )).
 [Laughter].
 I hate to say it but I hate Dallas [laughter].
 That's okay [laughter].  Well I, you know, I, I was never
 Yeah.
 -- until we moved here and they just kind of grew on me.
 Yeah, I imagine.  That's the way, I've never been a big Saints
 Yeah.  Yeah.
 So, I've actually pl-, paid attention to them.
 [Laughter] Well [breathing],
 Well, do you know anything about the expansion teams they're
 To tell you the truth I haven't paid too much attention to
 Really?
 Um, what cities are they looking at?
 Uh, right now I think this Memphis, they're, they're trying to
 And that's, that's where I was when I saw, uh,
 Houston play.  Saint Louis is trying to get a team.  Uh,
 You know, I think you are right.  I think it is Raleigh.
 Think so?
 I think I remember hearing that.
 Uh-huh.  Because I know they've got a (( )) football team but
 That would be fun.  I'd like to see some more teams get in.
 I would, definitely.  I think they are supposed to put two in
 Because I know Saint Louis is much bigger than Memphis and when
 Yeah.  It's like the Liberty Bowl or Liberty Stadium in
Uh, well, I haven't really been up to date on a lot of music.  I've been
[Child].
and bought any or listened to much on the, on the radio except for
Well, you like classical music?
Uh, I like classical music.  I like rock and roll.
I like country and western [child].
[Lipsmack] Okay.
Uh, I, I like all kinds [laughter].  I like, I like different things about
Well, I like most of them except for country {pause} music.
Oh you don't [laughter] like country?
No.  I think I, I might like dancing to it but I don't like listening to
The, the kind of country I like is kind of the older country music.
((Whi-,)).
Not the, not the kind like Kenny Rodgers and stuff like that.
That's, uh, that's a little bit to, uh, ((it's such)) they're trying to
Uh-huh.  Wh-, what's the old country music like?
Oh, like, like Hank Williams.  Like the old Hank Williams.  Even, even
-- Williams, Junior is real good stuff.  The kind that --
-- uh, this stuff,
[Throat_clearing].
makes you cry it sounds so sad [laughter].  I mean you d-,
[Laughter] That's the kind you like you mean?
Yeah.  Som-, sometimes I do.  I mean, not all the time.
Oh.  Oh, okay.
Yeah.  Me too, too.  I guess I like except heavy metal and, uh, most rap I
Yeah.  You're, you're about like I am ((then)).  I, I can't,
[Sniffing].
watch M T V anymore.  I used to love M T V.
And I can, I can barely watch anymore because, uh, they have this heavy
-- I, I do too.  I also like jazz.
-- the kind of ma-, the way they do it.
Yes.  And I --
Well, I guess I, I like the blues a lot and I guess you could say it's
And, and I liked, uh, Aerosmith and --
-- Led Zepplin and, uh --
-- you know, and, uh, jeez who else is there.  Van Halen.
Okay.  Yeah.
Now I like, I like groups like that.  But when you get, uh, I, I even
But, uh, some of these groups now like Slaughter [laughter].
Oh, I, I really haven't listened to that [laughter].
Some of them are just really rough.  So, so you went to school then in, I'm
Well, uh, I used to a long time ago but since I've started back into school
-- but, uh, so no I haven't.  I, you know, I used to go out and dance a lot
Oh, I see.  Are you married at all?
No [laughter].
Okay [laughter].
I've just been real busy with, with lots of other things.
Well, how old are you?
Twenty-eight.
Okay.  So, you, you were out of s-, you went to school for awhile and quit.
Well, no.  I, I went to school and got a degree and then I worked for
Yeah.  How old are you?
Oh, I'm, uh, twenty-eight [laughter].  I was born in sixty-three
Oh, okay [laughter].  All right.
-- the same age then.
Yeah.  And, uh, I didn't really start getting into music until I went to
Oh, rea-,  Were they religious?
uh, I see.  I,
So, I'm always behind.  I'm, I'm not, I'm never really up to date on all
My parents were very musical.  My mother had --
[Sniffing] Uh,
-- a piano --
-- in the, in the house.  My father likes, uh, [laughter] country western
He's from, uh, West Virginia.  So that's what he grew up listening to.
And he's always liked it and, and, you know, he's probably about
-- I guess from, from music.
Huh.
-- you know, when they had that, the Elvis Presley music and stuff like
And that kind of rock and roll so he likes that.  And my mom always liked
Oh, [laughter] really.
She always had those, these old Doris Day records and stuff like that,
Oh, well.
So, you know, I grew up listening to that stuff.
But, uh, I could see why you went, uh, you know, I could see why you were
Well, I, I do play the piano, you know [sniffing].
But, uh, I, I like the, uh, early seventies, late sixties rock.
Kind of stuff, the old stuff.  And, uh,
Yeah, so do I.
Uh,
Do you like, uh, like V-, Van Halen or anything like that?  Or how about
Bri-, what kind of music is, does what --
It, it,
-- songs does he play?
Th-, THIS LOVE CUTS LIKE A KNIFE.
Uh, SUMMER OF SIXTY-NINE.
I think I've heard SUMMER OF SIXTY-NINE.
Yeah.  He sings that.
He's, he's from Canada.
Okay.  I'm not, I'm not very good at remembering the, uh --
The titles and artists.
-- titles, yeah, but I can [laughter] remember this, the song.  Yeah.
Well, do --
Yeah [sniffing].
-- do you watch music television, M T V at all?  Or V H One?
No, I don't watch T V much at all.
So.
D-, do, do you get cable?
[Lipsmack] No.
Oh, okay.  That's, that's --
No.
-- you have to get cable to get those stations anyhow.
But, uh, yeah.  I like to watch rock and roll videos and any kind of
I like watching that kind of thing.  It's,
Do you like, uh, like someone recent?  Like Enya?  Have you ever head of
No, I haven't heard her.
-- she, she's from Ireland.
And, uh, she's gotten some, uh, she's been on like the top ten, I guess, or
Oh, really.
She, she did (( )),
Yeah.  So.
[Clicking].
Okay.  Uh, before a couple of years ago, I had a, a very narrow view of,
Well, that sounds good.
Yeah.  So, uh, she, she's real interested in, uh, what Ann Richards has
I've heard the name and that's about all it goes.
Okay.  Ann Richards is our governor in Texas and she's really cracking
Yeah.  That's one problem with the, the nursing home environment.  It, the
Right.
Uh, you know, they don't always have their full wits about them.
They're not completely up on what should be going on or what's not going
And it can be pretty sad.  I've got a, had a grandmother who had a stroke.
And, you know, it's the type of thing that she was living down in Florida.
And, you know, the nursing home was the, you know, best facility to put her
You know, besides moving her up which is not a practical solution since
Which means it's, you know, very difficult for some-, you essentially need
And, you know, it was very difficult for either them or my grandfather to
-- and the other part of her family was up in, uh, New York state.
And, you know, there's also a lot of medical problems that can't always be
Which makes it, you know, it's a necessary evil I think.
Uh-huh.  It sure is.  And some of the really nice ones that really take
-- cause they can afford to hire the people that are really going to care
Yeah.  And, you know, even there you have to watch out for, you know, you
Oh, yeah.
-- and other stuff that just very easily tends to disappear in the nursing
Right.  My grandfather passed away several years ago.  I was much younger.
And, uh, people didn't get paid much there at all.  They didn't care about
They would let a, let a patient get a lot of bed sores.
And, uh, the, the people living in the nursing home would have all kinds of
Either that or they're just so understaffed that they can't afford --
-- to put in the, uh, care that they need.
Cause it's, you know, an elderly person can, you know, it's like a newborn
-- to have twenty-four hour care --
-- uh, answering all the needs cause they can't do much for themselves at
Right.  And nurses get so worn down.
Uh-huh.  And, you know, there's a lot of, number of the elderly are very,
And remember being able to do things for themselves which, you know, they
Oh, sure.  And they feel --
And it, very, very hard {mispronounced} for them to accept that.
-- they feel pretty helpless.
We just, uh, moved my grandfather into, not a nursing home but, you know,
Is it, uh, like a retirement center?
More of a retirement home.  He's got his own efficiency apartment.
And they provide one meal a day.
And, you know, the rest of the housekeeping and other meals a day are up to
But they do have, you know, group activities going on.
How's he handling that?
Uh, he'd much rather be living alone in his apartment down in Florida.
Uh, you know, to move into that facility we moved him from Florida up to
Ooh.
-- it's, it's a bit of a shock to the system, weather-wise, if nothing
Oh, sure.  There wasn't anything like that, that you could do in Florida?
Well there was stuff like that in Florida but,
[Breathing] Uh-huh.  Do you,
Kathy?
So, what is your, uh, family, what do you usually do as far as budgeting?
We have a very detailed budget.  Because my husband is a finance major.
And we have, you know, we have money that we take out each month that we,
Then we take our major purchases we want to make during that year and we
And so, uh, the things that, like a vacation.  We have a vacation fund.  We
And, uh, and we're continually putting into those, you know, each month how
So we very rarely buy anything on credit.  Everything we buy is paid for.
Yeah.  My husband is a finance major also [laughter].
And, uh, we kind of have the same plan.  Uh, we have one credit card and
[Noise] {sounds like she is slicing something}.
budgeting, uh, each month, uh, an allowance for his education --
-- starting now.
So that's in our budget every month now.  That's the newest addition.  But
[Noise].
exact amount that we spend on that each year.
And,
Uh, we have found that we spend less money if we pull out the money.
-- instead of just writing checks for things.
If we actually pull it out and keep it in a safe here.
I see.
And we actually pull out the money each month that we want to put in for
Like you have a separate account for that then?
Well, a lot of that, uh, I don't know how safe it is.  [static] I guess,
Oh, I see.  Uh-huh.
And so it's actually pulled out.  Then we keep our --
Oh, I see.
-- we have a savings account for the kids' {mispronounced} education.  That
Each of our, we have three children.  So they each have their own account.
That money is put into each month.
Uh-huh.  Does your husband deal in, uh, stocks and bonds and mutual funds
He does somewhat.
-- for long-term?
Yeah.  He does somewhat.
Uh, we have an investment plan.  Yeah.  I guess he does.
But, uh, we have really found, this is the first year we've done it this
Really.  Because you're, you've, you've sat down with a piece of paper
It's vacations, Christmas.
Christmas, birthdays, uh, car maintenance, dental, medical, we just
-- we used on dental and, uh, [swallowing] and so now when we have to come
-- rather than wondering where it's going to come from, we have it, you
And when, when we see something on sale, uh, instead of just looking in our
Everything's taken care of.  And we're finding that we even have more money
Really.
Yeah [laughter].
Well, you know, uh, what do you do as far as, I, I take it, do you, uh, run
I do.  Uh-huh.  All the money.
Uh-huh.  And how, what's that?
All the money is turned over to me.
Uh-huh.  Do you have a set amount that, that you spend each month or --
-- or how do you work that?
I have a set amount.  It's very generous and I usually have extra.
And so then that can go, uh, you know, either back into our checking
Uh, you know, there are certain months of the year that you'll spend more
-- certain times when that will be left over.  But that's completely up to
-- then, uh, because I don't work.  I stay home.
I do too.  I stay home also.
And so it's kind of my money and I also get my own money to do what I
We have a clothing, uh, envelope for each of the kids and for myself and my
[Sigh] It really works out great.  We're finding that we have a lot more
[Lipsmack] Yeah.  What, what, as far as like big things like something
Yes.  We have a household budget.  Like we're going to need to buy a bed
And also, we need a new bed.  And so we've got both of those budgeted and
And if we find one on sale before then, then we can just take that and put
[sneezing] [sniffing] (( )).
[clicking] [sigh] Well, here in Logan, Utah, [sniffing] we've got a nice
[breathing] Huh.  [Lipsmack] Well, here in Seattle, uh, it's g-, the air's
-- most of it is from cars.
Yeah.  Definitely.  Here in Utah up along the Wasatch (( )) along the
Uh-huh [music].
And, uh, it always really hits hard during the winter when we get the
[noise].
get cold air down in the valleys and warm air up above and it just sits and
It's not, it's almost sad.  Because when I grew up here, it was just always
Yeah.  [inhaling] Yeah, I live in the,
[sniffing].
university district and, uh, uh, it's supposed to have about the worst air
[talking] Huh.
And then we're right next to Interstate Five also.
They're getting serious about things like, uh, mandatory, well they've
Oh, yeah.  (( )) have they started doing that yet?
Yeah.  They've actually started doing it down along the, not in Logan up
[inhaling] We have that here and, uh, they're, they're expanding it to,
-- I think they're eliminating that, uh --
Yeah.  They're ge-, eliminating that out here.
-- that loophole.  Yeah.
They're also talking very seriously about the thing called a dirt gun.
Oh, really, You mean they could --
-- do that remotely?
Yeah.  Do it remotely just looking at the, what they do, they do several
And ...
Now where does the source light go?
Like across the street.  They'll set up --
-- like a trap or something like that in some sense.  And they're also
Jeez.
-- uh, of certain pollutants, and it was like unburned hydrocarbons, then a
Yeah.  That's neat [inhaling] [sniffing].
[sniffing] [sniffing].
But it's also been, uh, oh, you know, everybody [sigh] is talking about
[clicking] Uh-huh.
But if I, uh, [lipsmack] if I take the bus, it requires several transfers
[noise] Huh.
[laughter] So [laughter] so it --
Yeah.  And they're ...
-- it's, it's not hard to see [laughter] why, why I keep driving.  And you
Uh, I work for Georgia Tech.  Yes sir.  I work for the research facility.
[Throat_clearing] Wha-, what sort of company do you work for?  Do you work
And, on a, a scale, I guess it's still considered small.  It just have a
The area I work in, it, it primarily have maybe a hundred people or so.
So that's make up most of the laboratory so from, from that standpoint,
-- it's pretty small.  What about yourself?
Huh.  Well, I, I work for, uh, actually probably similar kind of place.  I
Uh, yeah.  We actually do some work with some people down at Georgia Tech.
Oh, okay.  I see.
Uh, [inhaling] and, uh, so we're, we're part, we're actually part of M I T.
-- the technical institution.
Right.  Uh,
Uh, while I was sitting here waiting while they tried to find somebody for
-- the working conditions, things like that.
[Door] Right.
I don't know.  What are your, uh, what sorts of things would you consider
[Inhaling] Well those and probably the security aspect of it.
Because a lot of time nowadays, even though you're working, uh, you're
Because when it come down to layoff, they don't really consider people and,
And I was reading this book one time about this guy that had, uh, I think
-- you know.  That way that, you know, one person wouldn't get one big
And, uh, you know, I think if they had programs that set up to subsidize
You know.  Because it's not a person's fault that, you know, people not
Now how do you mean that?  I know it,
Well in a sense that say, how do you make a, a conclusion that you're going
Uh, for the bad times of the company.  What about the, the work effort
You know.  In that standpoint.
Well, you, you think it's better than to, to try to spread the, the effort
Ye-, yes, I do.
I really do.  I think it'd be better that way and even at that, it would at
-- they know that (( )) that there are problems and, you know, there are
-- instead of just dumping it on them all at one time.
You know.  That's just, that's my views, you know.
Yeah.  I've heard of a couple of companies that have done that.  I think,
-- than cut, yeah, just cut everybody back ten percent.
And, uh, have to, give everybody a half day a week off.
And I think you can do that for a little while but I'm,
Well at least that would give a person a chance to look --
-- you know.  Because the way it is, a person really don't have a chance
All right, have you lived in this area long?
No, I've only been here a couple of years.
Uh, but, uh, I've, I've noticed that, uh, this year it seems to have been a
Yeah, it, it, it's, it's a lot warmer, a lot drier too, because usually
Yeah, yeah, well I remember last year, or the year before,
But it,
uh, we had ice and snow, uh, uh, terrible ice storm, uh, around this time
And, uh, this year it's been so hot and, uh, sunny it, it's really quite,
Yeah, unseasonable.  I used to, my wife and I we used to live in San
and it was, it was I remember the first day of Spring, it was so much ice
it was just, it was horrible.
Yes, I was just talking to my son today, he's up in Boston,
and it was twenty-nine there and it was, you know, in the seventies out
it was really, uh, he really wished he could be here, rather than there.
Yeah, well, um, I don't know I, I guess I'm just sort of acclimated to
Oh really.
Um, I, I like it warmer, I mean I like it, you know, I like it warm but
Uh-huh, uh-huh.  I have, you know, I, I, don-, I think it's really been
Well I spent three years in Germany, so I'm not too thrilled with the whole
But I got used to it, it was really strange, I mean, when I, when, when,
Her-, do you, you think San Antonio is more comfortable than Dallas.
You must, well, uh, it must be quite a bit hotter down there, isn't it?
Yeah, [laughter] my wife and I, the last day we were in Florida, we, my
Oh, wow.
and, we, you, you just get used to air conditioning all the time,
Yeah, a little bit.
Oh yes.
and this, it was just, the humidity was like eighty plus, eighty percent
Oh yeah, it's terrible.  Orlando is the only place I've ever been where
I mean, that's really bad.
Yeah, well, [throat_clearing] I mean, I, I, I guess I've been in some
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
you know, just, you know, so mild, and then you've been to such extremes
you look down at your arm, but you see the water leaving your arm, it's
Oh wow, uh.
you just feel it pulling away, bizarre.
I know I, I tend to, I tend to be able to get along with monotony in the
Uh it doesn't, some people say, uh, they, they like to watch the changing
So, it's kind of a luxury.
I tend to agree but, I don't know, I, I think, in, in some, in some
Yeah, well I guess this, the weather isn't as lively a topic as, uh, as
No, the other topics.  I got one topic, they said talk about the Middle
[Laughter] I guess we're supposed to say good-bye or something, and think
Well [laughter] I mean I've had some pretty bad, I guess some pretty
Yeah, I know, weather's just not all that inspiring.  Okay, well it's nice
Bye-bye.
Bye.
pretty good, pretty good.  So we're talking about drug testing in the work
Drug testing in the work place.  Um.  I've been tested a few times, just
Yeah, we have random drug testing at, in my business, but I've never been,
Yeah, yeah, they started that about a year ago, and I think it's mostly for
But, uh, they, they have done some testing around our office, mostly after
Oh, they do with alcohol.
Pardon?
They do it with alcohol?
Yeah, yeah, they, they, they'll check for alcohol.
Oh, I thought it was just like marijuana or cocaine.
No, once, once you start doing that stuff, you sort of, you're sort of
Huh.  That's interesting.
Yeah, it's a,
What type of field of work are you in?
I'm in the oil business.
Oh, in the oil business.
Okay, and you work in the office around.
Yeah, I work in the office, so, uh, it's pretty, pretty safe environment.
Yeah see, I work in the automotive air bag industry, where we make the
-- for the cars, and we work around a lot of explosives.
[Laughter] Well, that sounds like kind of an important job to be, uh,
Yeah, so that's, you know, I'm all for it, because the, well, the type of
Yeah, yeah, well, I, I, I agree.  I think that, uh, you know, under certain
You know, if it's, as long as it's not abused, uh, you know, random, you
Now do they fire them, or do they?
Well, see, this is it, this is where I start having my problems with my
-- and the policy is something like, see if I can re-, state this correctly
But if they catch you, if you test positive for a, a controlled substance,
So, it, you know, it's sort of one of these little catch twenty-twos.
Huh, that's.  I think our policy is that, all right, it's probably the same
Yeah, really, it's one of those things that you read once, and then, if
[Laughter] That's right.  But I know, they do have counseling, and that
-- if it's if you get caught or if you turn yourself in.
Yeah, yeah, our company's a little tougher on the second chance.  I mean,
But, uh, when you're not, when you're a private company, the rules don't
Uh, do you think it works very good with that random, do you think it
Well, it's, it's hard for me to, to evaluate it because everybody I work
Uh, so I gue-, you know, I guess it works, uh, much like, uh, well, shoot,
So, uh, I'd rather have that than, you know, say well, this week the A -s
C -s and [laughter] D -s are going to come in [laughter].
You could time it just right.
Yeah, right, right.
I know one employee, I know, when I was working with, he had alcohol on his
Yeah.  Well, especially around, uh, you know, equipment, machinery and
Huh.  That's true.
You know, I've, I've gone out and had a, had a beer at lunch time, but not
Uh-huh.  Do they give any limits on alcohol, or is it?
Uh, I don't remember, to tell you the truth.  I don't think they do.  Um,
I'll have to go into work tomorrow and ask [laughter].
[Laughter] Oh.
Well, you know, you can take some of that, that testing a little bit too
-- oh, it was, it was, it was an unannounced sweep of, of, it was not only
Hi.  So, do you think you get good coverage from the sources that you have?
Uh, actually no, because, because I'm in school.  I, I kind of miss out on
Do you watch a lot of T V to get the news then?
Uh, I don't watch a lot of it, but that's the on-, basically that's my only
What about, what about you?
Well, I read, uh, I get a bunch of different things.  I get a newspaper
-- this happened or that happened and that's about all I ever hear of it.
And it's more in depth.
Yeah, it is, it is more in depth, less broad.  Well, actually, it's,
Not the fact that there was a big auto accident down on the corner of Broad
I know, where they're just trying to fill in.
Yes, or they're making, making time because they to fill in an hour's worth
Uh, I get kind of bored watching T V actually, when I watch the news on T V
I know, I do, I do, too.
-- it goes so slow and, then there's nothing that, you know, really is like
Yeah, you may find one little, uh, news item interesting so you have to
Yeah, that, that's about what it ends up being.  Listen to the news to hear
Yeah, actually, y-, you mention NEWSWEEK, I, I, I do like, uh, U S NEWS
Yeah, I think they're about the same.  I, you know, they, they certainly
Well --
-- versus what do you find boring?
-- right now trying to keep abreast of, uh, what's going on in Europe, you
That's going to affect our, uh, economy quite a bit.
I think it will, uh, they, they keep claiming it's going to have a big
-- since that happened so,
But they like to tell us that it's going to be important [laughter].
I'm, I'm pretty sure it is, because, uh --
I think it is, too.
-- once, once Europe becomes unified and, uh, their economy becomes one big
Yeah, I, I think that's a possibility, uh, it, we might also be helped,
Yeah, definitely.
For the companies that already have a presence over there and, uh, I know
Oh, yeah --
-- came time.
-- so they have a toe hold, I good toe hold.
Yep.  Because once you're in there, then you can easily expand.  But
Yeah, because, when they first start off, they're going to be highly
And there's already a lot of evidence that they are being very
Like, England doesn't want to do one thing and, and Sweden doesn't want to
And some of it, I mean, is, I'm sure within those people's minds, it's
Yeah, I, I can understand their viewpoint, they're just, they're starting
-- get established before they --
Before they --
-- com-,
-- open up their borders to everyone.
Yeah, totally.
Uh, what is the, uh, do you watch anything like with sports or anything
Actually I'm not really into sports.  My roommates are, so, unfortunately,
Against your will.
Yeah, we have to, fight over the remote control.
[Laughter] Yeah, at least you guys have a remote control.
It's sometimes better to not have one of those.  Course, you can always
Or misplace it, I mean, not mislocate it, but misplace it and,
So, what kind of music you into?
Well, I have a, uh, pretty wide taste, uh, in music, ranging from
[Laughter] The opera, yeah, it's right on track.  I like classical, but I
[Cough].
And heavy metal, uh, it's noisy.  I'm into, uh, some industrial music
But it's, it's got to have a point to it.
Oh, I don't mind music that's [child_yelling] difficult to
but, uh, the, the, uh, basic point of heavy metal w-, which seems to be
is, uh, gets a little annoying.
What kind of progressive stuff?
Uh, lot of stuff that actually has, uh, ended up becoming popular like, uh,
uh.
-- R E M, that sort of stuff.  Uh, R E M makes me laugh because they've
Oh, yeah.  Yeah, it's, a lot of people l-, like, saying that, you know,
I think that's pretty much, you know, bull.  Because R E M really hasn't
They're producing, uh, similar music and it's good music --
-- but, you know, people have picked up on it.
[Squeak].
That's good.
I think it is.
I'm impressed.
Uh, for a while there, music seemed to really ha-, popular music seemed to
Mi-, Michael Bolton really got on my nerves because he,
he was making all this money doing mediocre cover tunes.
And I could, uh, go down to a bar that's about three minutes from my house
[Laughter] Uh, but he picked the right songs and --
I guess.
-- and that [laughter], that's about all he had going for him.  Or still
That, and a marvelous hairdo.
Yeah, I'm sure that, that so-, that sold a lot for him.  That's all you
It just seems like there's no, no real point.  You hear the same, same tune
-- in a thousand guises and,
Well, i-, it's interesting because you were, you were saying that you liked
-- and I like a lot of classical music, but I also dislike, uh, some
and feel that if, if it's not seventy five years old, it hasn't stood the
[Laughter] Yeah, I can, I can believe that.  What kind of things are you,
-- standard?
Stuff that I like, uh, I like Bach.  I tolerate Vivaldi.  I can't,
stand, uh, uh, Debussy or Debussy {pronounced different ways} [laughter].
Uh, uh, I like Tchaikovsky.  He can make a lot of noise when he's, uh, so
Oh, yes.
Uh, and some of, some stuff that I like, uh, for instance, Frank Zappa has
-- and that's interesting music,
[Cough] {someone else in the room}.
but it would not get performed by any, uh, municipally funded, uh,
uh, just because, number one, it's Frank Zappa and he's weird, number two,
much better off playing, uh, Beethoven's ninth, that's right, you know, w-,
It's safe.
-- and hum it and i-, it, it just isn't chance taking enough for me.
Uh, I feel that, uh, that, that music should take chances in one way or
Do you think that there's any way that, uh, or do you think there's too
any crime is too much but,
Uh, yeah, yeah.
It's out of control.
Uh, well, uh, out of control, I don't know.  I guess it could be worse.
Really?
I would not of, okay, I would not have guessed that in Seattle.
Yeah, you figured it was like Omaha, right?
You know.
No, it's, uh, it's not Newark, but, uh, yeah it's got problems.
Yeah, I wonder, I mean, I wonder what, what really is the answer.  I mean,
Yeah, I think most people regard it as a warehouse.
Where you put away the people that are so bad that, uh, you don't want them
But, but the problem is, is that we, we only have but so much room and we,
-- commit crimes and,
That's what I hear.
So it's, uh,
Yeah, I, I think, you know, don't you feel like most people have given up
I get the feeling that a lot of people have.  I'm not convinced that I
Uh, see, I mean, my mom taught English as a second language and, and she
Oh, you mean she taught in a prison?
In a --
-- in a maximum security prison down in central Virginia.
And, the problem she had was not with the inmates at all.  The, the people
I mean,
Yeah, the b-, the bureaucracy.
It was, it was, I mean, they, they put her, I mean, I didn't, obviously I
-- they, they put her at the end of a hallway, there were no other classes
Uh.
Which, and I don't know exactly what that is, but I just assume it was
But, uh, you know (( )),
So she didn't feel safe.
No, she didn't.  She didn't, she, she felt fine for the first year when she
But, well, she had decided that it was, when we came back to the States,
[Laughter] Yeah, right.
But, uh,
Well, at least it's maximum security, right [laughter].
Yeah.  But, but the point that was, that it, you know, you said that
Uh, well, I, I think the people that run, yeah, that run the system are the
I mean, I, uh, you know, I, I talked to a few people who worked in prisons
But getting, I mean, well, see, I always have problems because, because I
But I keep,
Those are funny ((labels, see)).
I keep thinking that there's got to be some way, that, that a lot of this
-- with like little or no money, wouldn't --
Oh,
-- wouldn't I be in prison ((at this point))?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.  I think, uh, yeah, I think you can blame it on
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, as, as, you know, as poverty has gotten worse, as, you know,
We've got methadone programs where people who desperately want to get off
Yeah, there's not enough --
-- get onto the program.
-- beds and treatment programs, rising drug abuse, and, yep, it's a mess.
I don't, I don't remember the, the gentleman's name, but the, the, uh, the
Is he the guy wants to, like, deregulate heroin, or something?
Well, what he wants to do is take all the money that, uh, he gets for drug
And basically, just, just attack the problem at the demand side.
Stop trying to attack supply because, which, which to some extent makes
Yeah, Jonathan, uh, you s-, you say it's near and dear to your heart.
Uh, fantasizing about.
Can't do it right now.  Our situation is that we're a two car family --
Uh {faint}.
-- and the car I get to drive is a, uh, Nissan Sentra that's going to be
-- and I have a mini van we bought a few years ago.
It's got a, uh, five year loan, so that's still got a couple years to run
Wow [laughter].
I think --
((They get)),
-- about, uh, sprucing that up in a couple years if I can.
Uh-huh.  What do you think you'll, uh, what kind of a car do you think
Well [breathing], since I just turned forty, I'm thinking about [laughter]
-- but, uh, realistically with, uh, the need to take the kids to school,
((Something a little)) seating room.  How about you?
Well, I think the next car we get will probably be a [breathing], well I, I
-- and, uh, whatever I get, I want to have, uh, air bags, uh, both driver's
Sure.
-- I think the four door is probably a major requirement and, other than
-- something that will carry it around careful, I guess is best, best way
Yeah, I was surprised to hear that the V eights are coming back, so,
And, uh, you know, V eights seem to be a return to the days of, you know,
Right.  I, uh, I drive a, a truck, a Ford truck.  I, I like trucks because
-- it's handy to have a truck and not have to borrow one.
Is, uh, traction much of an issue for you up there.
Traction?
(( )).
Uh, not really, uh, you know, it's a two wheel drive truck and I figure if
Actually, uh, pretty good way of looking at it, yeah.  We, uh, we had a
-- a few years ago.  A case where there was a, sort of freak ice storm and
Haven't had any problems since.
What kind of, what make is the mini van?
It's a Mazda.
Mazda, I see.
And, uh, we're pleased with it in terms of comfort, and, uh, driveability.
-- it's, uh, got some nice features in terms of being able to remove seats
One of my sons has a, a Plymouth, uh, van --
-- or, you know, uh, uh, that same type of thing, the Voyager, I guess --
-- and, uh, they have a, a child that's five years old and it's really
Yeah, I think that we're going to be, uh, owning a mini van for some years
What about, uh, all wheel drive?  Is that something that you'd be
Uh [breathing] I'd be satisfied with a, a good front wheel drive car when
And even as, as light as that is with, uh, the small tires it's, it's done
-- in winter, uh, again, like you, if conditions are, are that bad, I
So I know I'd be happy with a, a reasonable, uh, four door.  You know,
So, do you, your privacy being invaded at any time?
[Music] Well, uh, one of the things that, uh, [swallowing] that I found to
Well, yo-,
-- is something that is not required --
-- and, in fact, uh, it is actually prohibited but it doesn't stop many
Yeah.  Yeah.  Now th-, that y-, s-, you can still, yeah, I've always done
-- that's fine.  I'll just buy it somewhere else or not buy it at all.  And
Uh, the thing I don't like, I know that certain states actually sell their,
That really burns me because, hey, you're required.  You have to do that.
[Noise] Right.
And [T V] nowhere does it say you h-, asks you whether you have permission
And I think that, it, it's one thing f-, to, uh, voluntarily give it
Right.  Uh, That,
You know, I don't think, I don't think they have the right to do that.
I agree with you there.
[Rustling].
That's something that, uh, people have seen.  Oh, here's an easy way to
don't know about.
Well, that's easy.  Whenever you donate money to someone?
They, you become, [laughter] put on something like a sucker list and you
-- solicitations.  And then you s-, y-, y-, it kind of makes you feel (( ))
Like, uh, National Public Radio or [inhaling] any of these, the public, uh,
I, I, I, I think I sent in, in money for, f-, once to, uh, to public, uh, T
And I started getting calls from all sorts of diseases and syndromes and --
-- everything you could imagine.  I, it's like [inhaling], and it just
And I just said this is, this is terrible [inhaling].  Uh, and
just our business.  There's no need for someone --
[Popping].
Who, how do you know that?  Why, why you even telling me this?  Is it any
-- and they call you up and they actually happen to be people who are,
How do you know that?
And, uh, it's one thing, they don't sell the list.  But the thing that
Last year, the, uh, Lotus Development Company, the, uh --
-- company that puts out One, Two, Three --
Right [/T V].
-- was planning on marketing a, uh, C D Rom with people's names sorted by
-- who is soliciting should know at all.  Just, uh, and that was very
Okay, so now what are your opinions on recycling?
Well, I definitely think that we need to start recycling.  I think it has
-- it is going to be to late.  I have heard reports around here that the
Yeah, I have heard that too.
And that is not too far away, but I don't know how it is there.  It is very
-- and I can take plastic like milk cartons or if they have water in them
Well see, I started saving newspapers and I would take a ton of them --
-- and, uh, that's, I can't remember where I went to take them, but they
Yeah.  It is real hard to find a spot and then, I don't know if you note,
Oh I know.
-- glass that cannot be, it could be recycled, but there is no place to,
There is no really recycling facilities.
No. We have a pilot program in Arlington going on I think in the north
I think that is a good idea.
And I think that is what it is going to have to come to.  Where we are just
Besides, well like a law or whatever.  An-, that's how it is --
-- in New York isn't it.
I think so, just because they have to.
You know,
And you get ticketed if you don't do it right.
Right, uh-huh.  And I think it is going to come to that because some people
-- I mean, I am willing to do it but,
Plus you have to have a place to store all of it --
-- and see I live in an apartment.
Yeah.  It is very difficult.  Like our garage is always full of sacks of
-- uh, I believe it has gone up to a dollar now.  Every time you buy a
-- and then you take it back to the store and you get it back.
Uh, so that way it kind of forces you to recycle.
You are forced to.  And, uh, you also don't see the litter there.  People
Yeah, that's true.
It makes it worthwhile to take it back and I've just started drinking a new
Yeah, I have seen them.
-- and they have on the ba-, it's five cents, that they pay five cents --
-- and it even shows the states that,
That take them back.
Yeah.  Well, on-, some of them are five, some are ten cents.  I am looking
Is Texas one of them?
Texas is not one of them see.  So, I have to throw them away cause there is
Yeah.  No, I don't think that there is enough being done.  Now, I work at J
And we have a paper recycling program that, uh, is company wide and I do
Do they save like the paper they they use at the office paper.
Good.  Because there is a lot of waste there isn't there.
Yeah.  And I know there is a lot of computer paper --
-- that you can't use.
But, uh, we use to have, uh, I mean, I don't even remember how much money
I mean --
-- they have made a substantial amount of money from it.
Something else I think we do can do is support companies that encourage
-- you add wa-, well, I image everybody else will start doing that sooner
And I want them to have my business.  And I think packaging could be done
Well I know, you see some of the stuff and then when they come out with
Yeah.  Yeah.  And I think that it's just people have got to be aware.
And, uh, I just look at it, I don't want my grandchildren looking at me and
And I don't know.  It just may overwhelm us here when we run out of places
Do they not ever, I mean, I don't know that much.  Do they not ever burn
Very little.  That's another thing that, see there were no,
Then, that's pollution.
I know Amway.  I use a couple of things from Amway that it says this is
Yeah, I know.  I guess you run into the pollution factor.
Yeah.  And then just like the glass bottles, that it says on the bottle I
And there is no place I can take glass to.
So, I still throw away a lot of glass.
It is really sad.
Yeah.  And then the packaging thing really grips me.  You buy some and it's
Okay, Mary.
Um, the, uh, the latest one I've seen, uh, had to do with a, uh, uh, the,
Oh, how awful [laughter].
It [laughter] was true, it was truly awful.  It was not one that I picked,
I wonder how truthful all of that was or whether there was fiction.
Yeah, I, I imagine a lot of it had to be fictional just to keep the F B I,
Yeah, well, they keep it rather secretive, yes [laughter].
Well the most recent movie I saw, uh, I'm afraid was, uh, well two, two of
Oh that was great one.
Wasn't that fabulous, and,
Oh, I loved it.
and DRIVING MISS DAISY.
You know, I haven't seen that one yet, and I need to go see it.
Oh, you need to see that.
That is the most heart rendering story of relationships between two
Two diametrically opposed people from the stand point that one was
Oh my.
And, uh, normally never the twain shall meet.
You bet, especially in the South.
Yes, right, and, um, uh, it, it really was a fantastic movie.  The acting
Well as, it, as I recall it got some Academy Awards, didn't it.
Oh yes, Jessica Tandy won best actress and, uh,
Oh yeah, that's right.  It, it might have one best picture, too.
Yes it did, yes it did.
Just as RAIN MAN, uh, with Dustin Hoffman,
That was,
uh, that, that was tremendous and Tom Cruise.
yeah, I, I think it was more a lesson for Tom Cruise than anything else
Yes, uh, oh, that was, that was, uh, what the, much of the hype was that
Yeah, it must have been great just being with him on, on a daily basis and
Yeah and a good bit of that was filmed right in Cincinnati.
Which is just forty-five miles from, from where I am, where I actually
Is, is the Kmart there?  [laughter].
Oh, [laughter] we do have Kmart here, you better believe it.  Isn't there a
That was, that was so funny, he had to, or was it Kmart.
He had to buy his underwear at Kmart.
Right, right yeah.
That was hilarious.  The, the, I guess the, the first, the first, uh,
and he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental
Yes, yes.
Unbelievable.
Well, you know there are people, uh, referred to as savants also,
uh, who can do most phenomenal things and everyone feels they are
Yeah, wel-, because that's the way they, they might seem outwardly,
but, boy there's a lots going on in there [laughter].
It's amazing [laughter].
Yeah, yeah and I, the, the, I think the, the best thing about RAINMAN was
only, an, and then they balanced it with the wonderfulness of it, you
Yes and the,
Not, not toward winning in Las Vegas, for example.
Right, well the warmth that developed between them and again it, I think
Again the relationship, uh, between the two, uh, that, uh, never would
Right, right.  I was, uh, I was so impressed with that movie I saw it three
Did you.
I can, I can se-, tell you, oh, so much about that movie, just because it,
somewhat, sometimes, and then, you know, uh, for, for, for no real, you
Uh-huh.  Well that's tremendous, that, it's good because it does make you
Yeah, a lot.
And see it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother.
Uh-huh.  No question, he, the, he was, he's one of these guys though that
Uh-huh [laughter].
And, and, uh, it, it was like pulling teeth to go get him to, to see it
Well he at least saw it one time [laughter].
Yeah, yeah, and, and he really, I don't know, he, he's kind of a Dustin
I'm like, oh, come on.
Just think of what a phenomenal actor Dustin Hoffman is.
He will do that, to research it and to be able to mimic a person, uh, uh,
And to make it believable.
I mean I was, I was believing it, I don't know about any body else but I
Well, I'm sure everybody that saw it was believing it right along with
Well it's just, uh, been delightful talking with you.
He did great.
Yeah, yeah, you take care up there and, uh, let's hear it for the
Absolutely,  I'm ready for it, but they're predicting some more snow for
No, oh no.  Oh well, take care.
Take care now.  Bye, bye.
Bye, bye.
Okay.  Tell me about your home.
Well, it's an older home.  It was made back in the early sixties.  It's a
Huh-uh.
Got three bedrooms, one bath and that just makes me scream.
[Laughter]  That's pretty tough [laughter].  What area do you live in?
I live in Houston.
Oh, okay.  I see.  Is that pretty typical for your area?
Well, for the neighborhood I'm in, yeah,
This is one of the more established neighborhoods,
Huh-uh.  That sounds real interesting.  I live in a suburb of Dallas and,
The whole lot I'm sitting on is roughly half an acre.
About half of that, about a quarter acre of that, I've got a garden.
Huh-uh.  Oh, that's nice.  Because I have just like a very small, you know,
Well, in the, uh, newer neighborhoods and development communities, the
 if  your neighbor is having an argument you can here it blow for blow.
That's exactly right.  That's the way we are.  We have, uh, one thing we
Yeah.  And they've got better closet space.
(( )) new houses that I've seen.
Yeah.  Yeah.  That's really it.  That's a plus.  At least we do have like
It helps a bunch.
Yeah.  It really does, except when you have to fill them up and then you
So anyway, um, anything else about the area, about, um, you know, can you
Most of the neighborhood I'm in is pretty typical.  This whole neighborhood
Yeah.  So it's, it's,
Everybody has got a (( )), pretty good size yard,
 I  mean, I got probably the biggest, if not the biggest yard, I've got
 in  the entire neighborhood.
That's nice.  That is nice.  But, you know, too, the only bad thing, too,
 Well, I,
 the yard  to deal with and,
I enjoy that though.
Do you.  You must have more time than, than I have.  I'm sitting out here
It's rained (( )).
Yeah.  Well, um, I don't know, do we just terminate this or do you have to
No, we can, after you go to somewhere between five and ten minutes, they'll
 Okay.
 this.
Okay.  Well, can you tell me anything else about the house [laughter].  Are
Yeah.  This entire neighborhood, everybody keeps the places up real nice.
Yeah.  That's, that's nice.  Yeah, the town that I came from is, uh, is a,
 Wow.
 and  I renovated a house there and that was so much fun.  I mean, there,
Living in the city has some advantages.
Yeah.  That's true.
If given the choice, I'm getting out.
Oh, really.  Well, I have lived in a small town for, you know, this, this
That's just something I'll never adapt to.  I don't, I don't want to be a
 Yeah [laughter].
 If I  want to sit around and mess with my garden, I'll mess with my
 if  I want to work in the flower beds,
Yeah.  It sounds like you enjoy working outside as well.  I, I,
 Very much.
 yeah.  I  really do enjoy that.  But I haven't planted anything yet or,
 Huh-uh.
 you  know, I'm just kind of trying to, trying to stick in with that,
Uh, landscaping is more, than the gardening,
 ((in  the garden)) I've got my beans, peas,
 I've  got some onions out,
 tomatoes,  I'm not real sure what they're going to do this year.
I never have much luck with tomatoes.  I do plant a lot of beans, because
Um, my favorite one is putting on the, um, tomato plant is to put, uh, ((
 and that  stuff has been around since the beginning of time,
That's true.  That's true.  My dad is a farmer so, I've heard him talk
Well, I've done some rewiring on it.
Eventually, if we stay here, I'm going to have to rewire the entire house.
Oh, really.  Do you plan on like adding any rooms or, you have enough space
I've talked about adding at least one more room and definitely adding
Yeah [laughter].  I would think so if you only have one bathroom for three
Not even a half bath.
Yeah.  Yeah.  That's rough.  The house that I used to live in had one bath
The only thing that saves it, with the schedule I work and the schedule my
So that.  It's not like we're tripping over each other in the morning.
Really.  That could account for a lot of marital problems [laughter].  I
 You  get to know each other very well if you have to share a bathroom
It doesn't work if you're trying to shave and she's trying to put her
 No.
 you're  both fighting over the mirror.
That's right.  It does not make for a happy situation.  That's true.  Well,
I've got one.
One child.  And they enjoy where they're living?
We'll, he's nine months old.
Oh, so he doesn't know, right.  I guess, he's a big help out in your
He likes to dig around a little bit.  His mother comes in and says, why did
 I  guess he's enjoying himself.
That's right.  It's healthy, why not.  Yeah.
He was eating the dirt, I wouldn't worry about it.
No.  It won't hurt them.  I was a big dirt eater, supposedly, when I was a
 so,  don't worry about it.  Just let him enjoy himself [laughter].  So
Well, that's what I've always, I was raised up in a town that was about ten
Yeah.  So you're just the opposite from me.  You want to go back to that,
After we got married we moved, ended up moving to the Houston area.
Yeah.  Yeah.  So are you from Texas?
You are.  So it's not, you know, that's true Houston, in itself, is a
 Hello?
 Hi.
 Hi, my name is Leslie.
 Hi, I'm Jennifer.
 And where are you from?
 Pennsylvania.
 Oh, nice, I'm from Dallas, Texas.
 Yeah, so,
 Oh, that's neat.
 Well, did you understand what this was for, you know, what it
 Uh, television shows?
 Sure, that sounds good.
 Okay [noise].  I, I don't watch too many, but we can try it.
 Are you ready to start?
 Sure am.
 Okay, just a minute [beep].
 Okay, I guess we're recording now.
Yeah, okay.
 What are your favorite television shows?
 Well, I don't really watch too many T V shows other than, uh,
 And, uh, so if, if there's no one else around, you know, it's
 Oh, I love that show.
 Yeah, do you?  [Laughter].
 Yes, that is great.
 Yeah, it's fun.  And then there's a new one that started out
 Oh, I heard they just canceled that.
 I read in today's paper they just canceled that show.
 It is a real different one.  It's, uh, it's, it's different.
 But,
 Have you seen the show, it's, it's new this year, called HOME
 No, I haven't watched that.
 Oh, it's, it's really good.  It's, uh, I think it's on like
 -- and it's set in post World War Two times and it's about how
 Oh, yeah.
 It's kind of like a s-, a nighttime soap opera type thing.
 Sounds neat.
 It is, it's a good, it's really well written.
 Yeah.  Is that on, what chan-, what station?
 [Lipsmack] Uh, I don't even know, to tell you the truth
 Oh, okay.  What other shows do you like?
 Uh, I prefer OPRAH WINFREY --
 -- to DONAHUE [laughter].
 Well, she comes on later and I usually have kids around so I
 -- watching that one is the only problem I have with it, I
 I did watch soap operas, but I work full-time now and can't
 Except when I'm home sick, and now when I watch them, I think,
 That's right [laughter].
 They're stupid [laughter].
 So when I did watch them I was addicted to them every day.
 But not anymore.
 That can happen.  So do you know of any other shows in the
 Oh,  uh, tonight I'm looking forward to seeing GOLDEN GIRLS.
 Oh, that's always fun.
 Yes, I like that show.
 And if I can stay up late enough, I like to catch SATURDAY
 Oh, uh-huh.
 And right now we're watching a Penn State football game
 So [laughter],
 It's exciting, we're winning, so that's really exciting.
 Yeah, well, I think, I also, course, like to catch the news
 -- but, uh, it's a little tough because that's when I'm
 So, usually I don't get a whole lot of news watching in.
 Yes, we watch C N N in morning while we're getting ready --
 -- for the day and eating breakfast.  We'll catch our news
 Yeah, yeah.  So what have you seen interesting on OPRAH
 Lately, I haven't been catching it because of my work
 Uh, {pause} I can't remember the last time I saw it.  It's
 Yeah, [lipsmack] well, I don't know if we've talked our
 [Laughter] I don't know, sometimes they come on and, and say.
 Oh, that's right.
 Well, today on C N N they were talking about something like
 Um, yeah.
 It was really interesting.
 It is interesting.  So,
 Do you work for Texas Instruments?
 No, no, just, uh, doing this as a fund-raiser for our church.
 Oh, that's nice.
 Yeah, so it kind of makes it easy, you know, to do a little
 Sure, because we, uh, we've talked to a lot of people from
